Hello glorious God people and welcome to this next new section would it to start working on.
Q Do you kick about now kudu kick about as you can see from the screen is a very silly simple.
Fun to play a multiplayer game with me working on 3D when me working with physics and would be working
with local multiplayer this is probably a lot simpler in terms of how much we need to write than heiss
Meister's But if we're going to move into a whole new access I figure let's get the fundamentals down
one making a fun little game.
I'm using the word lot.
Let's talk about what you do kick about.
Actually it is.
And as you probably know by now I like to start with essential experience.
That's what I like to design my game on.
So what is the essential experience of Cupid kick about.
Well to me Cupid kickabout is a fast fun playful local multiplayer game where two players try and compete
to score the most goals.
I don't know why I'm reading this out to you.
I'm pretty sure you can read but I've done it.
Let's pull out the key words fast fun playful local player and compete.
To me those are the words that really defined the experience.
In fact I'm going to remove one of those quick tips for you game designers out there.
Fun is not a useful word for Game Design.
Fun is way too context dependent right.
It means too many things and it's too vague and fluffy we can't really use it if we pull fun out of
here.
All we get is fast playful local multiplayer and competition all these things together say to me toybox
we've got a 10 shaded us thetic we've got lots of little toys in the background.
We've got these two little wooden figures the very simplistic animation to match.
They're blocking us and we've got very simple physics that goes wrong very quickly.
I'm tryna control both players at once which is really hard to do but it's a very silly fun pretty thing.
That's what we're going for here.
Diminish a score right at the right time.
Look at that.
So that's it.
I'm going to put the assets as a link in the next video and we can download them all get the project
started and start working on a very simple play for all three local multiplayer game so I'll look forward
to seeing in the next video.